blog - contributor summit update (#7016)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2024/01/2024-01-17-jenkins-contributor-summit-update.adoc

If you plan to join us and didn’t let us know yet, don’t forget to register by dropping us a note. The list of registered attendees can be found in this document: link:https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fatDxa39U-yHW6iTpMQZuW_pMf8G9jhO6yczfoqcY08/edit?usp=sharing[Contributor Summit 24 - Attendees].

The Summit will take place at link:https://www.betacowork.com/[**Betacowork**], located at *4 Rue des Pères Blancs, 1040 Brussels, Belgium* (link:https://maps.app.goo.gl/S8VrWsrErmLMXqza7[Betacowork] on Google Maps) in room "AZZAR"

Find hereafter a quick overview of the day’s planning:

* We will welcome attendees from 9h30 (9:30 AM) on
* The Summit will start at 10h00 (10:00 AM)
* During the morning we will listen to the introduction by the various Jenkins Officers. 
  Each one will present, for his domain of responsibility, the year’s projects and goals, the challenges, as well as the topics that could/should be discussed during the Summit.
* At 12h00 (12:00 AM) we will have a one hour lunch break where people can go grab some food (sandwiches) at a nearby shop.
* At 13h00 (1:00 PM), we start the afternoon sessions and discussions:

> ** Changes made to Jenkins to support the new CB HA solution (Vincent L.)

Reviewer: I think that many readers may not recognize "CB" as CloudBees and some readers may not recognize "HA" and "high  availability".  I think it is better to expand the acronyms.
```suggestion
** Changes made to Jenkins to support the new CloudBees high availability solution (Vincent L.)
```

---
layout: post
title: "2024 Jenkins Contributor Summit - Update"
tags:
- events
- community
- contribute
author: jmMeessen
discourse: true
opengraph:
  image: /images/post-images/2023/11/ContribSummit/Contributor_summit_2024.png
description: >
  We are looking forward to meet you during the  Jenkins Contributor Summit in Brussels prior to FOSDEM.
---

The Jenkins Contributor Summit, being held in Brussels on February 2nd, is now quickly approaching.
We are looking forward to meeting you.

If you plan to join us and didn’t let us know yet, don’t forget to register by dropping us a note.
The list of registered attendees can be found in this document: link:https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fatDxa39U-yHW6iTpMQZuW_pMf8G9jhO6yczfoqcY08/edit?usp=sharing[Contributor Summit 24 - Attendees].

The Summit will take place at link:https://www.betacowork.com/[**Betacowork**], located at *4 Rue des Pères Blancs, 1040 Brussels, Belgium* (link:https://maps.app.goo.gl/S8VrWsrErmLMXqza7[Betacowork] on Google Maps) in the "*AZZAR*" room.

> Find hereafter a quick overview of the day’s planning:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following list provides a quick overview of the day’s planning:
```
This suggestion is to better connect this sentence and the following information.
